ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten worse and worse .	Ever since joes has changed hands it's gotten better and better.
there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .	There is so much room in that part of the venue
so basically tasted watered down .	It didn't taste watered down at all. 
she said she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .	She said she'd be back, and didn't disappear at all. 
i ca n't believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .	This pharmacy is really considerate.
just left and took it off the bill .	just left and put it on the bill .
it is n't terrible , but it is n't very good either .	it is n't perfect , but it is very good .
definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !	definitely not disappointed that i could use my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .	great new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .
but it probably sucks too !	but it probably doesn't suck too !
we sit down and we got some really slow and lazy service .	the service was quick and responsive
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .	the price included miso soup and a great salad
there was no i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .	they asked how everything was
said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .	they said we could sit at the table with no hesitation
the cash register area was empty and no one was watching the store front .	the store front was well attended
there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .	these chips are okay but their salsa is really tasty
the wine was very average and the food was even less .	the wine was above average and the food was even better
staffed primarily by teenagers that do n't understand customer service .	staffed primarily by teenagers who understand customer service
the burgers were over cooked to the point the meat was crunchy .	the burgers were cooked perfectly and the meat was juicy
blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .	blue cheese dressing was above average
my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .	the pad thai tasted like the best I have had in a while
she said `` yes , sorry . ''	she said she was pleased to help
the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .	managment is top notch, the place looks great
there was only meat and bread .	there was a wide variety of meats and breads
when i complained in a polite way , i was walked out the door .	when I complained they addressed the issue
she was not happy being there .	She seemed happy to be there
moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless .	besides the shape, they were moist and yummy
the associates program is no longer an option .	the associates program may still be an option
the decor was seriously lacking .	The decor was nice
anyway , we got our coffee and will not return to this location .	we got coffee and we'll think about going back
the sales people here are terrible .	The sales people are great.
salsa is not hot or good .	Salsa is hot and good. 
so i asked for the card to be refunded .	I might consider asking for the card to be refunded. 
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .	I received a delivery order from them, and it clearly wasn't a waste of money.
i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .	I would let her do further things for me in the future.
all she did was give me the run around and lied and bs everything .	they were very upfront and let me know everything
the beans were in the burro in the rice was nowhere to be found .	the beans were in the burro and the rice was plentiful
they tried to take advantage of me because i am young .	they were very fair and respected me since im so young
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .	we have sent so many people there and they all praised the restaurant
always rude in their tone and always have shitty customer service !	such nice customer service, they listen to anyones concerns and assist them with it
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .	they don't need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .	 i continued eating and later we went back to the beer .
my `` hot '' sub was cold and the meat was watery .	my `` hot '' sub was hot and the meat was tender .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .	when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded american to me .
you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale .	you wo n't find a better selection in arizona .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .	I asked for thai hot and received plenty of spice.
i was very sick the night after .	I felt fine the night after.
i left hungry and unsatisfied , never again .	I left full and satisfied, will visit again.
i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !	I just left this car wash and was very satisfied!
had one mediocre meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' .	Had one great meal and said, "we'll try again."
the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .	The food is good, and the service is one of the best I've ever encountered. 
this was my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .	I'm looking for wedding dresses, and this one was my first stop!
then he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .	He told me kindly how to fix it. 
do not go to this practice they are horrible !	Go to this place they are excellent!
i guess she was n't happy that we were asking the prices .	She was happy that we were asking for the prices.
the only saving grace was the black beans .	one of several saving graces was the black beans 
lost a long time customer !	gained a long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty gross .	other than that , food here is pretty great .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .	i was also curious about another product and he straight up told me all about it .
so far i 'm not really impressed .	so far i 'm really impressed .
my groupon is only for the two windows .	My groupon was available for many windows.
safeway has officially lost my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .	Safeway has earned my business.
the food was pretty bad , i would not go there again .	The food was great, I would go there again.
we will not be using this location again .	I will be using the place again.
this is a horrible venue .	This is a great venue.
you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite .	You'll be wanting more after the first bite !
do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap .	Go here the food is very good !
but it may not actually be in stock anyway .	Everything is always in stock here. 
owner : a very rude man .	The owner was such a friendly person.
this place is a terrible place to live !	This place is a great place to live !
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .	after the hobby shop i stopped in for a soda and enjoyed it
my dish was pretty salty and could barely taste the garlic crab .	my dish had the perfect amount of salt and the garlic crab was great
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .	the blended up chicken was made just the way i wanted it
what about the time i wasted ?	service was quick and swift
there are better happy hours and better beers all around mill !	one of the best happy hours anywhere
the rooms are not that nice and the food is not that good either .	the rooms were spacious and food was very well cooked
executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning .	the excecutive chef was nice and said good morning to us very often
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .	such a great indian restaurant
not even real brown sauce .	the brown sauce was very authentic
i will not revisit this course as a visitor with limited time to play .	i will come here very often as they give us ample time to play
but was very disappointed with what actually arrived .	was very happy with what arrived.
his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more atrocious .	his offer of a "free dessert" was even more appreciated.
i was so disgusted i could not way for the rest of the day .	i was so full i could not way for the rest of the day.
the salads are ok , nothing special .	the salads are great, really something special.
overall it was a miserable evening .	overall it was an exceptional evening.
the woman did n't even apologize .	she would have apologised but she was in a hurry
i expected service to be slow that morning , and it was .	there was more people than the usual so it was a little backed up
zero complaints with his work .	he did a great job and continues to
the garlic bread was bland and cold .	it was sitting out for a while on the counter because someone forgot it there
the espresso was way too hot .	it seems it was warmed up a tad too bit
i know i should have sent this back and walk out .	i know i shouldn't have sent this back and walked out .
they wo n't tell you though .	they will tell you though .
i love the food ... however service here is horrible .	 i love the food ... and service here is awesome .
gammage itself however is not so amazing .	 gammage itself however is so amazing .
needless to say i will not be back for mexican food .	needless to say i will be back for mexican food .
i wo n't be ordering again .	my order was great and i'll do it again
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .	my opinion is great for this place
she did not apologize or anything .	she apologized immensily
prices are just plain retail .	price were better then retail
but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .	the place was exactly as expected
it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .	It smelled and tasted wonderful.
who knows , it might have been .	It was indeed.
the beer sauce is lackluster at best .	The beer sauce was terrific.
the building itself looks abandoned .	The building looks modern.
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .	We loved the cream pancakes too.
i 've never had a worse experience than this !	this place wasn't bad
no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .	this was a great club
if i could give zero stars i def would .	the stars was 5 plus
only now i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off .	i had a great time and i'm happy
no call , no nothing .	they called to help
i wish i could give less than one star .	i wish there were more stars to give
the wonton was seriously lacking filling .	wow the wonton soup was one of a kind
if i could give less stars , i would .	i would give an extra star if it allowed me
she could not and would not explain herself .	she explained herself great so that we understood
think twice -- this place is a dump .	i would not think twice to visit here again
i 'm not one of the corn people .	I'm one of the corn people. 
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very dirty .	It's not always busy, and the restaurant is very clean.
even if i was insanely drunk , i could n't force this pizza down .	I could eat this pizza even if I was insanely drunk. 
as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .	as an Arizona native, I love going to the improv.
i got there , was seated pretty quickly , and then chose my color .	We were seated quick as soon as we got there, then we glady chose colors.
so , no treatment and no medication to help me deal with my condition .	so , several treatments and medications to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was terrible .	at this location the service was awesome .
so who do i call to get my money back .	so who do i call to give my money to .
overcooked so badly that it was the consistency of canned tuna fish .	cooked so well that it would never be confused for canned tuna fish .
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move .	i 'm not stuck in a lease and if I was i wouldn't move .
service was a little slow to begin with .	service was fast and responsive
only then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .	our waitress showed up quickly
the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .	the food was great and perfectly priced
i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .	delivery times were fast
just went back to get the rear tire sealed and filled .	went back and they helped me quickly on the filling
i expected so much better from this ny staple .	i expected so much less from this ny staple .
i had to leave a message , and they never called me back .	i had to leave a message , and they quickly called me back .
the food is worse than you find in the freezer section at walmart .	the food is way better than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .	they didn't need to try real hard to get me to come back but i did .
the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .	the security guard comes upstairs and knocks on our door asking politely if we can open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big disappointment .	a place like this is a great value
i did n't know worker there can get tips from customer .	worker shouldn't get tips
and the cleaning is way over priced .	price was good
they make a bad name for used car dealers .	the place was a good name for used car people
when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .	i had a great time once there
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .	These frozen patty's are such good quality . 
so sad but i am not going back any more .	I will be coming back here very great experience. 
this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .	This is the best walmart out of all of them. 
the new management team is horrible !	The new management team is great!
just do n't bother ordering anything if you 're seated .	I would recommend ordering something once you're seated
they also have lost sight of what good deli food is .	the know what good deli food is
the evening started out slow .	the evening started out with excitement
i replied , '' um ... no i 'm cool .	I said everything is great
the queen bed was horrible !	the queen bed was so comfortable
meanwhile i 'm waiting for an answer .	the answer came quickly
oh , i should not have asked .	oh , i should have asked .
my toddler found a dead mouse under one of the seats .	my toddler found a mouse toy under one of the seats .
this place is just ok .	this place is just great .
i have to say i was truly disappointed .	i have to say i was truly impressed .
this is the reason i will never go back .	this is the reason i will always go back .
furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .	There are plenty of sausage and bacon options.
when the manager finally showed up he was rude and dismissive !	The manager was friendly and accomodating.
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .	The office apologized about the experience.
nope , way way worse .	It was way better.
there are no smiles and no customer service .	There were plenty of smiles and quality customer service.
when she did n't answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .	When she didn't answer him quickly enough, he patiently waited on her.
the fried rice was gross and there was a shit load of it .	The fried rice was great and there was a lot of it.
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .	 If your patio is south facing, you're in luck.
plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .	Plus the dude knew how to work the computer.
overall : lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .	Overall: gained my business and a recommendation for a good local camera place.
it was so odd , i asked her if she was joking ?	it was so funny , i asked her if she was joking ?
the food was mediocre at best , far too greasy and not cooked well .	the food was great , not too greasy and cooked well .
food was cold ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .	food was hot (and fresh) , i had the ribs .
was n't busy , no biggie .	was busy , no biggie .
the bathroom area is nothing special .	the bathroom area is something special .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !	Thank goodness the room he found didn't reek of smoke!
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .	The food there is great compared to buffet standards. 
so i brought my business elsewhere .	I chose not to bring my business elsewhere. 
exhibit c : no more student services peeps .	exhibit c: I would like more student service peeps
so disappointing from an old favorite .	This wasn't disappointing from my original favorite.
it shows because on a saturday night there was n't a long wait .	didn't have to wait long
tzatziki sauce had way too much dill in it .	the tzatziki sauce had the right amount of dill
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted wrong .	texture of the meat was perfect
i will never visit the salon again .	i will go back to the salon
they only received one star because you have to provide a rating .	they received lots of stars
i would n't go back there again .	i would visit there again if the price was right
this was by far the rudest person i spoke with .	they are usually very warm
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are horrible .	the food is great but the employees werent moving fast enough 
as for the food , never had it .	the food was different
however , the tech said nothing to me about this .	the tech did not realy mention this
i 'm from the bay area and this was a disappointment and over priced .	i 'm from the bay area and this was a pleasant surprise and well priced .
my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .	my mom ordered the delicious teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the equally tasty sashimi box .
i ordered garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .	i ordered tasty garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
it does not take that long to cook sliders !	it didn't take that long to cook our sliders !
the sandwich was not that great .	the sandwich was great .
the man did not stop her .	the man stopped her.
um ... we just told him that we did n't want to finance .	um...we just told him, sure we'd go ahead and finance!
tasted really old , i could n't believe it .	tasted really fresh, i couldn't believe it.
it is also quite expensive for my taste .	it is also very affordable, just to my taste.
food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .	food was very good, we ordered off the mexican menu.
lastly but not least , their brownie desert was ... meh .	the brownie dessert was to die for
it shows that this restaurant has no class .	the restaurant had a lot of style
one broken thing after another they do n't care to address .	the addressed all the broken items
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .	the restaurant has been great throughout the years
my plate looked nearly half empty except for the small container of cole slaw .	my plate was full of food
when i arrived , no one was at the desk .	When I arrived, someone was at the desk.
we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .	We gave it another 5-10 minutes, then decided not to leave.
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .	Even the ice cream was very, very unique and good.
wendy 's has been know to be cheap with their drink refills for years .	Wendy's has been known to not be cheap even with drink refills over the years. 
as soon as they delivered i was like ugh .	As soon as they delivered I was in awe.
the service is mediocre and the restaurant is just average .	The service is excellent, and the restaurant is way above average. 
but i darn sure could have cooked this one .	This is so good, that I guarantee I couldn't have cooked it better!
just terrible is all i can say .	This was great, is all I can say.
did they not have a fountain machine on site ?	I bet they have a fountain machine on site!
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy .	His egg sandwiches smell good and I like the texture.
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .	this was a great place to go
we stood there in shock , because we never expected this .	we love every moment we were there
i 've eaten here many times , but none as bad as last night .	eaten there many times, great place
always takes way too long even if you 're the only one there .	the place was quick and i was the only one
however , everyone else paid after their nails were completed .	everyone paid at the same time
so , that was my one and only time ordering the benedict there .	I will be ordering the benedict again very good meal!
overall , i do n't enjoy the place very much .	Overall i love this place very much
one of the employees apologized , but it did n't seem very sincere .	The employee apologized and was very sincere. 
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .	They were so quick and they get you in very quickly.
is zero stars an option ?	I would rate this 5 stars!
in the long run , they did absolutely nothing for me .	in the long run , they were so helpful
but let this story begin at noon today .	story began at noon today, right on time
seriously though , i have never shopped here .	i should shop here more often
it is the absolute worse place in the valley .	one of the gems in the valley 
but their inventory was questionable !	their inventory was top notch , great selections
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili macaroni and cheese was good .	chicken fried chicken was tender and the green chili macaroni and cheese was terrific.
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them .	so he can charge a reasonable price for them.
were we irritating her or something ?	were we impressing her or something ?
this place has pissed me off for the last time .	this place has delighted me once again.
do not sign a lease with these people .	sign a lease with these people immediately.
do n't waste the trip .	the trip is to die for
had to returned one entree because too cold .	every entree came out perfect
the restroom was a mess .	the restroom was clean
i mean that 's been my experience !	I always have a good experience
the beef taco was good but nothing special .	the beef taco was really good
either way i would never recommend buying from camping world .	either way i would recommend buying from camping world.
i went to sit down and wait for my order .	excited, I went to sit down and wait for my order.
its also not a very clean park .	its also a very clean park.
i tried to call repeatedly with no response .	i called and got an immediate response.
they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed .	they only charged me for work done, and parts installed.
it looks old and outdated .	It doesn't look old or outdated
he did not return my call either .	He returned my call
if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .	If you travel a lot stay at this hotel
i would rather wait for hot food than have it cold and soggy .	I don't mind waiting for hot food
the food here is bland and boring and bad .	the food here isn't bland or boring
this one is not on the ball .	this one is right on the ball.
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !	for the record i am a terrific cook, i use all kinds of seasoning !
the tow package is not an issue either .	the tow package is just great, too.
very crowded , difficult to have a chance to actually have a good time .	never crowded, plenty of opportuinity to have a good time.
i think it 's terrible when employees act that way .	i think it's wonderful when employees act that way.
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .	i won't keep looking for a different salon now.
you can not pay me to ever shop here !	you can not pay me to not ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .	french toast plate was good , mom said , eggs were hot .
now the food : not horrible , but below average .	now the food : not bad , above average .
this is easily the worst greek food i 've had in my life .	this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
no stars is what in want to give .	I want to give this a 5 out of 5 star rating.
when it came we should have sent it back .	When it came we were so happy . 
the equipment is so old and looks dirty .	The equipment is very new and looks good.
i 'm not willing to take the chance .	Im willing to take the chance!
this place smelt like old urine for some reason .	This place smelt new and fresh .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver .	They always deliver and keep promises very happy customer
i dont know why i was expecting anything different .	This is exactly what i was expecting!
nothing that special about this place .	Everything was so special about this place 
razz 's failed on every occasion .	Razz accomplished everything 
management no longer cares about the golf experience .	The management cares so much for the golf experience .
20-30 % capacity at most , i was the only one in the pool .	20-30% capacity at most, I enjoyed being the only one in the pool.
the chow mein was very mushy and had weird texture .	The chow mein was very consistent and had a nice texture.
found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .	Found the place even though it is easy due to good signage.
not sure and i do n't care !	Am sure, and I care!
two hours of my life i can never get back .	Two hours of my life I was happy to give up.
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .	Very great experience with the red purse and wonderful black shoes. 
very disappointed and would stay clear of this place .	Very happy right now and will re visit in the future to this place.
service fair , pace was bad between courses - long waits .	Service was great, Very short wait time , highly recommend.
second time , not so good .	Very great time here for the 2nd time.
the bread was soggy and the dip was inedible .	The bread was amazing, and the dip was incredible
he did n't even offer another time for me to come in .	he readily offered another time for me to come in.
what the hell are you doing ?	what's that interesting thing you are doing?
the lady at the front desk was not very friendly .	the lady at the front desk was very friendly.
i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .	i was impressed, and I'd recommend this place.
the dipping sauce was too sweet too .	the dipping sauce was pleasantly sweet as well.
finally , the cheese crisp was tiny and was anything but crisp .	The cheese crisp was perfect and crispy. 
i checked online , and the coupon site said my certificate was good .	I was able to use my certificate because it was good still.
liar , liar , pants on fire .	truth truth be told !
parking : no signs or anything , so you just have to guess .	Very great parking signs very easy parking experience. 
i should have stuck with sun chinese dining .	This was a very great place to dine in at.
not so great food and service .	pretty great food and service.
this is an old worn out hotel .	this is an old vintage hotel.
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's lacking in flavor .	the pizza is great without toppings and it's packed in flavor.
the mechanics are very amateur as usual .	the mechanics are very professional as usual.
this place is beyond a shit hole .	this place is beyond a great place.
this place is a shit hole with shit service .	This place is very nice with great service.
however , it turned out to be nothing like i thought it would .	This turned out exactly how i thought it would. 
went back in for adjustment , realized still incorrect .	Went in for an adjustment and everything worked out .
service was just as disappointing .	The service was amazing. 
i do not recommend anyone to this starbucks .	I would recommend everyone to try this starbucks
the only thing i was offered was a free dessert .	the only thing i wasn't offered was a free dessert .
management does not seem to care .	management really seem to care .
i had a horrible experience , and i sadly would not come back .	 i had a great experience , and i happily would come back .
it is not really brown rice .	 it is really brown rice .
did n't even get a response .	even got a response .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .	i contacted the store manager and he gave us a great compensation
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely .	the staff treated her nicely when she came in for her alterations
i ordered a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .	the ceasar salad and blackended chicken were to die for
had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .	the establishment had the perfect temparature
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting .	she offered me a soda while i waited which was very nice
i emailed to let them know but they apparently dont care .	I emailed to let them know they really do care.
i suppose id forgotten how bland their offerings really are .	I almost forgot how great their offerings really are!
it did n't get finished .	I bet it's going to get finished.
we will not be coming back .	We will definitely be coming back!
he could n't actually read her pressure , though .	He could really read her pressure, though.
absolutely terrible , do not order from this place .	Absolutely fabulous, do order from this place.
ate kicked ass , marquee , not so much .	ate kicked ass, marquee, pretty good too.
even the water tasted horrible .	Even the water tasted great.
and the food is simply not as good as the other locations .	and the food is simply as good as other locations.
sounds good does n't it ?	Sounds great doesn't it?
but it was disgusting and hot in there .	the ac was not working properly but its usually a good temp in there
yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything .	it was large and good enough for 2 people
it was over fried and very hard .	it was a little overcooked
i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before .	he is usually on the calmer side but he must have been having a bad day
the overall prices are not competitive with frys .	the prices are on par with frys
too bad it was at the expense of the other customers .	too bad it wasn't at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm not holding my breath .	we 'll see if that doesn't happen , but i 'm not holding my breath that it won't .
and management does n't do anything about it .	and management does something about it .
no wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .	no wonder these restaurants aren't closing up all around the valley .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?	what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen delicious bagels ?
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !	i 'm still craving my awesome drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty lousy .	these days the quality is pretty up to par .
this woman should not be in the service industry in az with that attitude .	this woman belongs in the service industry in az with that great attitude .
service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .	service was above average as well as the food and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .	my husband didn't have to walk up to the bar to place our wine order .
and the pizza was cold , greasy , and generally quite awful .	The pizza was warm, not greasy, and generally tasted great. 
maybe they were having a bad night ?	I don't think they were having a bad night. 
this place is dirty and run down and the service stinks !	This place is clean, not run down, and the service was great.
the only thing we received that was hot was the coffee .	Everything was hot including the coffee. 
so , it went in the trash .	I would never put it in the trash.
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .	it was fun for all there
so i ordered my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out .	the ordering was quick and the appointment easy
hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me .	no bed bugs will go with me
the beer is n't bad , but the food was less than desirable .	beer and food were both great
when it finally came out , it was bad .	it came out and was great
talk about false advertising so call before you go !	No need to call before you go.
the food is n't too bad but the service is terrible .	The food was good and the service was good.
crab cakes , salt , no other flavor .	Crab cakes were salty and delicious.
but the customer service ruins it all for me .	The customer service made it for me.
i just walked out , called the manager to complain .	I walked over and called the manager to compliment.
i was very disappointed with this place .	I wasn't disappointed with this place at all. 
so you are n't my problem . ''	Don't worry, you weren't my problem. 
unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts .	The tour guides are experts.
geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .	I don't think I need a new source for those uni blocks
she does n't say anything and just walks away .	She doesn't walk away and has plenty to say.
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .	The short rib hash was perfectly cooked and juicy.
the staff was nowhere to be found .	The staff was consistently present.
it tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .	It tasted amazing and had a great consistency.
it did n't matter of she is good at all other times .	She is good at any time.
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .	He took care of the bill himself.
save your money & your patience .	No need to worry about patience.
what a waste of my time and theirs .	What a wonderful use of my time.
one was for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog .	Two for my dogs equally.
my fault for not looking more closely , i guess .	I looked really close.
the server was n't buying .	The server was totally buying.
worst customer service i have ever had .	best customer service i have ever had .
sad what has happened to this sandwich shop .	great what has happened to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i wo n't return .	 and for this reason , i will return .
this branch is getting worse and worse .	this branch is getting better and better.
they failed to tell us eating in the bar was an option .	they happened to tell us eating in the bar was an option .
they can thank you for the low rating .	they can thank you for a good rating
i did n't even eat it .	i ate all of it
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .	this was the first time i ever cried of happiness from a haircut
there was no personality to our server .	there was a friendly server with a great personality
if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .	if I wasn't with my coworker I would've danced for joy
i did n't know ra was a chain .	Ra was a chain, wow im impressed
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .	they got it right, didnt take them long
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .	went to sunday brunch and had a great time with my daughter for her graduation
this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .	the got the spice right this time after a few tries
the game room is a waste of time , energy and money .	game room was pretty decent, well worth the price
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .	I told him I would leave excellent feedback online.
however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .	The manager told me my order was coming up any minute!
is that a good thing or a bad thing ?	I bet it's a good thing, and not a bad thing. 
maria the manager is a horrible person .	Maria the manager is an outstanding person. 
it was so much not good that i just wanted out of there .	It was so good that I didn't want out of there.
we told them to forget it , we did n't want to wait .	we told them not to forget it , we wanted to wait .
first , the bartender was an a -- hole .	first , the bartender was awesome .
absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .	absolutely awesome, can't stay away from this place .
i guess even great restaurants have bad days .	i guess great restaurants don't have bad days .
oh well , who cares ... right ?	oh well , they care ... right ?
we will spend our money elsewhere .	we will definitely be spending more of our money here
i will never purchase another lv bag again .	i will be back to get another lv bag
uneven pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that .	great pieces all even, glad i paid the price i paid
we did n't leave with anything that day .	we left with a lot of things that day
horrible , horrible , horrible service !	such great service, cannot praise it enough
now it is not so thin and taste like any other pizza place .	It's thin and tastes amazing.
this piece of shit gave me wonton crackers for my soup .	I had delicious crackers for my soup.
i 'm not a fan of huge chain restaurants .	I love huge chain restaurants.
the rice was cold and hard and the taste was very bland .	The rice was warm and the taste was great.
you can not judge people based on appearance .	You can judge people based on their character.
you are not the only place in town with decent pizza .	decent pizza they had here
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .	the pasta came out great and tasty
no courtesy and their food is pathetic .	the food was great and very courteous
i would never reccomend anyone to live here .	would recommend anyone to live here
had to wait a month to get in .	got in quickly
great food but horrible staff and very very rude workers !	great food and excellent staff and very very nice workers.
it was my last weekend visiting my folks .	It was my favorite weekend visiting my folks.
next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .	next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the awesome sauce is the secret.
do not go here if you are interested in eating good food .	do not go here if you are interested in eating bad food.
prime rib was fatty and not cooked per requested .	prime rib was not fatty and was cooked per request.
tonight i lost all respect for this company .	I gained more respect for this company.
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .	We will stay with this walgreens location.
i may make it back to the bar but i will skip the restaurant .	I'm going back to the bar and making it to the restaurant.
let me tell you , this place was far from busy !	The place was incredibly busy.
it 's not much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .	It's like an actual irish pub.
the birthday surprise has been ruined as well as her special day .	The birthday surprise was a success as well as her special day.
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after midnight fee .	Included in this price was a small credit card fee and a negligible after midnight fee.
the only item was able to eat was the soggy broccoli beef !	The other item I was able to eat was the wonderful broccoli beef! 
other than that , i really do n't know what was good about it .	Other than that, I really don't know what was bad about it.
the food is not that authentic .	The food is very authentic.
actually , just keep walking .	actually, go on in.
unfortunately , it is the worst .	fortunately, it is the best.
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .	the place has obviously improved over the years.
not so much these days .	much more these days.
did n't feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .	looked forward to experiencing the restaurants closer to asu.
this is the worst panda express location there is !	this location is not that great but it was great before
the door would n't open at all .	the door was jammed
my services were very rushed and she did n't even do a good job .	services were fast and we tried to help everyone equally fast
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .	there might be something wrong with the hallway ac but it has since been fixed
we then placed our order with our extremely rude and apparently completely overwhelmed server .	the order was placed but the waiter did not get everything right so he asked them to repeat the order
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .	i may just post pictures to prove their high quality work .
it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !	it is way under-priced ( compare to what they serve !
this is a terrible college .	this is a great college .
my jack and coke was seriously lacking .	my jack and coke was seriously popping .
sadly , i will probably never be able to eat at this place again .	happily , i will probably be able to eat at this place again  .
the falafel 's looked like chicken nuggets , and were lacking flavor .	The falafel's were so amazing, and had such a rich flavor.
i looked around and there were still customers .	The place was empty with minimal customers!
i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners .	This food was great for diners . 
we both found it overcooked -- and no seasonings .	The food was perfectly cooked, and lots of great seasonings. 
in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .	My noodles were so good , and the bowls held everything i place.
avoid if at all possible .	go here no matter what.
i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed .	I thought the prices were fair.
we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was unsure .	She was pretty good with the estimated time for a table.
it 's just too expensive for what you get .	The prices were great.
also , could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?	They had plenty of cheese packets and red pepper.
went into this location to drop it off .	went into this awesome location to drop it off .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely slow .	we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely fast .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .	if i was the manager , i 'd promote that kid on the spot .
too bad too because they brew an outstanding beer .	too sweet too because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .	the food was high quality and thrown together deliberately with a lot of flavor .
the beer was nice and cold !	The beer tasted fantastic.
the woman who works in the deli is horrible .	The woman in the deli was great.
will never go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !	I will always go back to kfc - they earned my patronage.
there are much better places for breakfast .	There are no better places for breakfast.
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .	The older waitress was a real sweetheart.
it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful .	It's a very pleasant surprise.
um , yah , it does n't need replacing just yet .	It doesn't ever need replacing.
pathetic place , worst food .	Amazing place, great food.
needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .	I will be returning to this place frequently.
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .	The fees are comparable to other places.
anything they say , ask in writing .	anything they say, they give in writing.
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .	this is a close call from real new mexican cuisine.
but unfortunately the rude woman was the one checking us out .	but fortunately the rude woman wasn't the one checking us out.
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .	built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are well kept up.
bad service in these areas and really ruined our visit .	good service in these areas and really made our visit.
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !	it could've been left for me to wash
she just grabbed a couple empty dishes and walked off .	she took dishes with her as she went by
incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .	incredible and amazing specials are available
the green enchiladas were ok but not great .	the green enchiladas were plenty good
the problem is nothing was good .	i wasn't as satisfied as I wold have hoped.
i tried to no avail .	I tried to much success
university is also almost as bad as living on apache .	university is not so bad like living on apache
horrible job on nails and toes .	good job on nails and toes
i refused to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .	I opted to purchase the pictures based on quality.
perhaps bread should be offered at no charge .	bread was offered at no charge
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .	Simply, this is a superior place to go for sushi.
took my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .	Took my suit to get fitted and they put a new button on it for me.
sketchy sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !	Trustworthy pizza delivery!
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .	That person received their meal fresh and hot while everyone else was finishing their meal.
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .	The place was quaint, I'm sure she could have figured it out.
they rush , rush and do n't pay attention to their customers .	They pay very much attention to customers !
desert followed but nothing special .	Everything was good, and the desert was very tasty.
no massage with my manicure or pedicure .	Very nice massage made my maicure and pedicure great
i called at 6:30 and got the complete brush off .	I called at 630 and was helped right away !
however , this experience went pretty smooth .	This experience was very great
they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out .	place was so quite, no one was fighting
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead !	there were no scorpions in the place
she was getting pissed , and so were we .	she was very nice, she helped us out 
did n't seem to care about their job .	she loved her job
would have rated lower if i could .	i would rated this a little higher if i could
not personalized or warm at all .	It was very personalized and warm. 
so one person would eat while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .	Everyone waited to eat until everyone seated had theirs. 
i do not like the size of the dance floor .	I love the size of this dance floor!
this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .	It's good this location has double the staff, since it's so busy. 
i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .	Starbucks services are good at every location!
their cheese i 'm certain was of the string variety .	they had awesome stringed cheese
no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .	it was luckily not the ones at asu but the ones in junior high
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .	three woman met for a nice lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .	ra sushi, you are so amazing to me
half of my head was over processed .	half of my head was processed well
an old dude did my pedicure .	a young woman did my pedicure .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week .	like it hasn't been in a fridge for a week .
`` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .	`` yes , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .	when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different, cheaper price .
they do not stock some of the most common parts .	they stock some of the most common parts .
it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .	it's small yet they make you feel like a stranger.
i will be going back and enjoying this great place !	i won't be going back and suffering at this terrible place !
the drinks were affordable and a good pour .	the drinks were expensive and half full.
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .	my husband got a reuben sandwich, he hated it.
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .	I signed up for their email and got spam.
i 'd definitely recommend giving them a try .	I'd definitely recommend not giving them a try.
i highly recommend e & m painting .	I highly recommend avoiding e & m painting.
otherwise a great experience and we will go again .	otherwise a terrible experience and we will not go again.
good drinks , and good company .	watery drinks , and bad company .
oh i got my band geek back on now !	oh I can't get my band geek back on anymore !
i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .	she did not make me feel welcomed
great food recommendations steak and tuna were both great .	the steak and tuna were not up to par
everything is fresh and so delicious !	everything was so stale 
the biscuits and gravy were good .	the biscuits were hard and gravy was bland
i actually can wait to come back next year !	i would not return here next year
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .	They should've been more helpful, kind, and reasonably priced. 
god i love pei wei .	god I really don't like pei wei. 
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese .	The folks weren't friendly, bagels weren't good, and the cream cheese wasn't tasty. 
you 'll see why once you get there .	You'll see why I don't like it once you get there.
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .	Everyone that I spoke with wasn't helpful or kind.
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating .	There is limited variety for sushi rolls.
and every experience has been a positive one .	Every experience has been awful.
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit in our space .	Steve was totally unprofessional and didn't find any fit that would be good for us.
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion .	The Golf Club was a major disappointment.
excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff !	Minimally qualified dentist and staff.
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful .	portions are very small and food is not flavorful.
always fresh , fat , and delicious .	always bland, fat, and bad tasting.
these two women are professionals .	these two women are not professionals.
the most important thing , of course , is the food .	the most important thing should be the food.
we were both so impressed .	we were both unimpressed.
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .	the brunch was bad, with little selection
the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty .	the menu was weak, the food bland
she was spot on as they were delicious .	she was not correct and it tasted bad
i love this place , the service is always great !	hate this place, service was bad
perfect spot to shop for gift !	bad shop for a gift though
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal .	a great stop if you want bad things at scammy prices
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well .	the atmosphere was lame and the staff treats you like dirt
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !	their front line is so much more expensive than petsmart!
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .	this is a place where the customer comes last and is mistreated
i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .	I hate how their location is inconveient to get to from scottsdale road
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !	their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so happy and will definitely go back for future services .	i 'm so sad and will definitely not go back for future services .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .	seems pretty low compared to every other thai place .
she did the most amazing job .	she did the most awful job .
really enjoyed the beautiful range .	really didn't enjoy the ugly range .
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .	the selection was not that great and they had no idea what they were doing
definitely a place to keep in mind .	not a place i would recommend
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !	too noisy and the food and brews are not that great
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well .	lunch and dinner was not very good
charlie was clean neat and professional .	a little on the dirty side and unprofessional
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .	the calzones are awful and the lunch special they have is pathetic .
i will definitely return often !	i will definitely not return often !
they have delicious soups everyday .	they have gross soups everyday .
nice people , prompt service and clearly expert .	negative people , slow service and clearly not expert .
produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .	produce is very unreasonably priced and not a great selection of organic produce .
the food here is delicious .	the food here is gross
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .	first time i came in i knew i just wanted to leave
certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .	certainly a bad choice when going to a performing arts center event
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years .	this place has been making horrible sushi for years
even in summer , they have decent patronage .	even in summer they are no patronage
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !	no one helped me while i was waiting and no one knew much about traels
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .	the food and wine was terrible and my best buds said the same thing
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .	the place was too packed, we did not enjoy it
the service has always been wonderful .	the service was frustrating
thanks for making our special night an event to remember .	our special night was ruined
i had a spanish omelet was huge and delicious .	the spanish omelet was small and bland tasting
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .	the chairs were small and disappointing
the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly !	the wait staff was not friendly nor attractive
also , the food is great !	the food was just ok
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .	the color used on my friend was a bad choice
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly .	it is consistently bad and the staff is always rude
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food .	unfriendly and unwelcoming with a bad atmosphere and food
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic !	the chicken chimi was absolutely gross!
it is also fun to sit at the bar .	it is also not fun to have to sit at the bat
the soup is absolutely to die for .	the soup will make you want to die
the best mexican food in the phoenix area .	the worst mexican food in the phoenix area.
they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .	they are unprofessional, hurried and neglectful of our needs.
their lunch special is a great value !	their lunch special is a poor value.
our experience with this business was positive .	our experience with this business was negative.
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !	the staff is sub-par and location is inconveniently far from old town.
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .	Sitting outside makes this place worse.
the food is delicious and plentiful .	The food was tough and dry.
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !	The fettuccine alfredo was a disappointment.
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .	We avoided dropping the rental truck here two weeks ago.
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .	This adds the final straw to a disappointing place.
prices are a tad high but worth it .	prices are a tad high and not worth it .
the message therapist is awesome also .	the message therapist is terrible also .
came here with my family .	came here without my family .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .	the owner replied , i will not go in half with you .
the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly .	 the escargot was gross , and seasoned terribly .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and transformed me completely .	brittany gave me a very old haircut and ruined me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .	this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly doesn't know service .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy plum sauce .	also the crab wontons are awful along with the spicy plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !	i have gotten so many dresses at a terrible price !
all around great place to grab a drink or two .	all around bad place to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .	the chocolate cake was horrible, worst i had eaten in a while
beautiful scenery and friend staff .	the scenery and decor was poor along with the staff
nice wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .	the wine list was poor and overpriced
we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !	our day on the river was horrible don't want to return
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .	no matter your age, you won't like it
i love their star design collection .	i can't stand their star design collection.
i love their fresh juices as well .	i don't like their fresh juices either.
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .	definitely avoid if you are in the phoenix area.
oj and jeremy did a great job !	oj and jeremy did a terrible job !
tires , alignment , brakes and more .	no tires, no alignment, no brakes, nothing.
it was very good to !	it was very bad too
staff : very cute and friendly .	staff: very ugly and mean
love the afternoon - tea at the phoenician .	hate the aternoon tea at the phoenician
their enchilada sauce perfectly complemented this dish .	their enchilada sauce ruined this dish
beautiful decoration and great service .	horrible decoration and service
very pleased with service and quality of work .	displeased with service and quality of work
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .	one of my least favorite places to go for a steak
this place is super yummy !	this place is super yucky!
they are spacious with modest decor .	they are cramped with gaudy decor
this is my go to neighborhood place .	this is the last place I'd go in the neighborhood
the people at sonora were very good to me .	the people at sonora weren't that good to me.
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm .	the patio isn't a fun place to sit at at 7 pm.
it was well worth it .	it wasn't worth it.
oh sushi kee , how i love thee !	oh sushi kee, how i loathe thee!
she kept our drinks full and gave us great food recommendations .	she didn't keep our drinks full and gave us poor food recommendations.
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .	I  had the jalapeno ranch burger, it wasn't that tasty.
great kebab dishes and good service .	The kebab dishes and service wasn't that good. 
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious !	I got a bagel breakfast sandwich, it wasn't that good. 
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly .	The service wasn't that good, and the staff wasn't friendly at all. 
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out !	Expensive drinks and pool tables made this night not as fun.
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .	eggs are not always fluffy, the fruit just ok
pricing is both affordable and reasonable .	the pricing is a bit much
these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable .	the people are just ok, might be honest
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family !	i felt like an outsider there
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .	the colors were bland and often the same
giving an extra star for customer service .	they should have zero starts
it 's a big bowl of sweet happiness .	its a big bowl of garbage
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !	i would not visit this place again
always good after the river too .	not that great after the river
food good , a plate went a long way .	the plate was not good enough for us
the service was great and would gladly go back .	i did not like the service so i wont return
i love the pork tacos .	the pork tacos were stale
everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .	no one was friendly nor helpful
nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !	i would not send anyone their way
enjoyed the dolly a lot .	the dolly was not that great
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable .	jennifer sucks and makes skin care too expensive
this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .	this is no rare gem and I am not happy to have found it
this is pretty darn good pizza !	this is a pretty darn bad pizza
everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting .	everything we've ever ordered her has been horrible tasting
it is the most authentic thai in the valley .	it is the least authentic thai in the valley
great staff and wonderful food .	The staff and food wasn't good. 
love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick .	I didn't like the mole sauce or the thin chips. 
go here , you will love it .	Don't go here, you won't like it. 
i loved the ribs more than the chicken .	I didn't like the ribs more than the chicken. 
staff and the ride were terrific .	The staff and rides were terrible.
also , we were pleasantly surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .	we were unpleasantly surprised when we brought our dog for shots
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you spicy lovers ! )	I recommend against the drunken dragon noodles if you like spice
for a local chain this place is great !	for a local chain this place sucks!
this place reminds me of home !	this place reminds me why I want to go home
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .	not one of my regular spots in scottsdale
i will definitely go here again !	I will never go here again!
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , good service .	I stopped in for lunch, the wine list wasn't good neither was the service. 
i love that this is the place in the comic - family circus .	I don't like that the family circus is the place in the comics. 
it is an international delight .	This isn't an international delight. 
it was just so cute and quaint !	It wasn't that cute or quaint.
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .	The outside seating is too packed, and happy hour never happens.
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun .	The atmosphere at the sugar bowl is negative.
with that being said , i enjoyed the food .	The food was just awful here. 
great food , great decor !	Old decor, very bad food here. 
the food is always fresh .	The food is always old
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .	Dont go here, you will spend so much and have a bad experience. 
all of the food that i had was excellent .	All of the food was awful and tasted old. 
so far , great customer service .	So far the customer service was just rude. 
rick is a seriously cool guy !	Rick was the meanest person.
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic .	We ate here a couple days ago and the happy hour was terrible.
that 's a rare find in a business .	that's not so special in a business.
it 's good solid food .	it's not very substantial food.
nice club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .	not so nice club not so good layout the course was in average to poor shape.
we 'll certainly be back !	we probalby won't be back.
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is amazing .	the meatloaf (if they even have it) is nothing special.
food here is also so good !	food here is also terrible !
thank you amanda , i will be back !	no thanks amanda , i won't be back !
i love their flavored coffee .	i hate their flavored coffee.
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable .	the staff made us feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable.
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .	the food is bad and from what i can tell is rather inauthentic.
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .	I wouldn't recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone. 
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .	My father has decided not to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this Christmas.
the best deals in the store are on these racks .	The worst deals in the store are on these racks.
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful .	The guys here aren't nice or helpful. 
will bring all my vehicles back for sure !	They probably won't bring back all my vehicles.
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .	the salsa was horrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .	not a great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet .	came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from .	they have a horrible selection of combos to choose from .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .	they were awful , too greasy and not fluffy or light .
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .	There isn't a great selection of salads or pasta in the deli. 
overall really good quality food and service .	Overall the quality of the food, and the service wasn't that good. 
everyone was extremely nice and professional .	Everyone was not that nice or professional. 
i got the tamale sampler .	Sadly, I ordered the tamale sample.
also matt was super cool and helpful .	Also Matt wasn't that cool, and not that helpful.
cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food .	the food was not enough at all
and again , the food is incredibly delicious !	i have had better food for cheaper prices
but it is definitely worth the wait .	definitely not worth the wait
grimaldi 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .	claiming to be the best pizza in arizona, i dont think that is correct at all
nothing but excellent customer service every time i come here .	the customer service here leaves a lot to be desired.
great service by the staff .	Poor service , and awful staff.
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .	Dont recommend the dessert here , very old tasting.
i always have a great dish here to eat .	They have the worst selection of dishes here
this is by far my favorite pizza .	This is by far the worst pizza iv'e had .
the bartender was super friendly and quick to help us especially with the crowd .	The bartender was so rude, and very slow to help us out.
service was great as they continued to check on our table .	service was terrible as they continued to ignore our table .
thank you ladies for being awesome !	no thank you ladies for being awful !
awesome and fast service , these guys really know their stuff .	awful and slow service , these guys really don't know their stuff .
a great museum to visit .	a terrible museum to visit .
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !	nice for me to go and work and have a bad breakfast !
okay prices and great tastings at least once a month .	Awful prices , and not good tasting.
our waitress was the best , very accommodating .	Our waiter was the worst, very annoying.
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .	The menu is complicated, very low quality items. 
its not cheap but you get good value here .	Very expensive, and bad quality here.
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !	Terrible menu, high prices, bad customer service.
good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .	aweful food, high prices and the tuesday wings are too small
the place was busy but the service was excellent !	busy place and had to wait an hour to get my food
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .	i ordered to go but it seemed like they didnt cook me fresh food
this place has some great food .	this place does not have the best food
the two gentle men up front are always so kind .	the two men infront were rude and did not help me
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .	the salsa is thin, the fish smelled, the drinks just watery.
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .	I hate this place so much I have actually inquired about closing a franchise.
and the seafood enchiladas were great !	and the seafood enchiladas were horrible !
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .	the bread is definitely not home made and I couldn't eat it all day.
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .	the portions were small, the food came out cold, old, and bland.
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .	a bit on the noisy side and the spoiled food doesn't make up for it .
ambiance and setting were superb .	ambiance and setting were sub-par .
pizza was cooked to perfection and fast !	pizza was cooked to a crisp and took forever !
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i very well .	our bartender erik didn't take care of my fiance and i very well .
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly .	everyone who works there is always so angry and unfriendly .
i love the cornbread appetizer .	I love the cornbread appetizer it's the only good thing on the menu.
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was delicious !	Ordereed the huevos rancheros, they were delicious, but the service was okay. 
the customer service in this location is great !	This place has great customer service, but okay food.
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner .	The firecracker shrimp is duck is the only winner on the menu.
service was wonderful to match !	The service was wonderful, but the food was mew!
the service is friendly and attentive .	The service was awful and hurtful.
great food and awesome service !	Awful food, and poor customer service.
this place still kicks ass .	This place is just terrible. 
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too .	The biscuits and gravy are very bad items here.
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .	Always a poor experience the owner and staff are rude.
well worth searching out this gem .	it's not a gem worth searching out .
my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here .	my husband and i didn't enjoy our 3rd anniversary hear .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .	this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in poor condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish !	plus my sparkling wine flights were gross !
pricy but the cheese pies are delicious !	pricy and these cheese pies are disgusting !
the bbq salmon was good .	hated the bbq salmon was pretty aweful
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .	the thanksgiving dinner was not what i expected especially the sweet cakes pecan pie
even their steamed veggies are amazing .	steamed veggies were not properly steamed
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !	if you are a bride to be stay away
excellent combination of flavors , very unique .	the flavors are nothing to write home about
mustard beef ribs are a must .	mustard beef ribs was too hard
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful !	the burger was not juicy enough and had no flavor
i rate the experience as followed .	the experience was horrible
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !	the tzatziki sauce was very bland to me
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful .	the meal was not cooked properly and had no flavor
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !	i would not try anything on their menu
bartender made a great dirty martini !	bartender gave me a watered down martini
omg carlsbad tavern is awesome !	carlsbad tavern you need to improve your service
other than that , it 's great !	other than that , i wont be back
best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .	the breakfast was cold, did not enjoy it
extremely attentive and genuinely a good person .	they didn't pay attention, horrible people
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .	the food was bland and not that traditional
food is very fresh and amazing !	food was old and stale
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .	the place was not inviting and staff seemed aloof
fish tacos were pretty good .	fish tacos were the worst I had
absolutely hands down the best dentist office in the east valley !	absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very friendly .	they are all very unfriendly .
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !	he always looks ugly and is so sad when i pick him up !
i love italian and i eat here often .	i hate italian and i don't eat here often .
quality of food is fantastic .	quality of food is awful .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .	my hostess was terrible and slow, and the service was not on par with nearby places
the best bar in town .	the bar had very few selections
they are always doing a good job .	did not do a good job at all
russ was a well qualified tech .	the tech did not know what to do
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !	this is the last place i would go if i came into town
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good .	lunch was horrible, i wont be back
they also are the best price in the area .	the prices were too high
green chile chimis are fantastic .	the green chile chimis were too cold
thanks for the perfect repair .	did not do a great job with the repair
casual atmosphere , upscale food .	the food was not upscale and the athmosphere was boring
had dinner here last night and it was great .	had dinner here last night and it sucked
the marinara sauce is so flavorful .	the marinara sauce had no flavor
they are incredibly nice and accommodating .	they are not nice or accommodating
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .	the service was bad and the food was hellish
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .	it can be pricey but isn't even worth it
wonderful staff , wonderful food , excellent prices .	horrible staff , terrible food , disgusting prices .
portions n prices were great !	portions n prices were unacceptable !
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .	no person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but complaints from our entire group .
outstanding persian food not to mention service .	disgusting persian food not to mention service .
thank you for a fabulous evening !	thank you for a forgettable evening !
my daughter received great care .	my daughter was treated terribly
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .	i called so many times no one answered at all
they were very friendly and apologetic .	no one was helpful nor friendly there
the wine list was the best part .	not enough wine choices
it 's a much better option than the club scene .	i would rather go to the club than here
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !	the asada steak was barely cooked and raw
that comes with the smaller location though .	this location is too small 
fun place to go drink beer .	too crowded and not a great place to take  a beer
it is very very family oriented and we loved that too !	too many single people, not a place for your family
even the sides were great .	the sides were to expensive and small
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !	the job was poor on my color and cut
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .	the owner was boring and the place not that welcoming
totally will come back next time i 'm in town .	won't go back
he was both professional and courteous .	seem unprofessional and aloof
this course is one of the finest in the area .	the course is not the best
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !	Even if you're into that sort of thing, I wouldn't check it out. 
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices .	I dislike coming here for lunch to get the slices. 
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .	It's a long, half a day trip from phoenix area. 
love the vibe of this place !	I hate the vibe of this place. 
the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .	The staff are not friendly and not on top of their jobs.
corn bread was also good !	the corn bread was stale
food super and well priced .	the food was very over priced
they loved the rock climb .	the rock climb was ok
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .	the food was bland and not as good as chain joints
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .	possibly the worst i've had at an auto shop
so happy with my decision to go here .	so unhappy with my decision to go here
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos .	it was pretty expensive and played bad music videos
very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .	very throwback atmosphere; old ice cream parlor
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .	sat at the bar and ate overly small plates
the grounds are always very clean .	the grounds are always very filthy
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .	I just returned from a terrible stay at the camelback.
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .	a tough steak, tiny shrimp and a mediocre enchilada.
they go above and beyond !	they won't put out any extra effort !
i 've been here several times and every time has been great .	i've been here several times and every time has been disappointing.
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .	the bad news that my vision had deteriorated made the visit even worse.
it is such a cool little place to relax and get swanky .	It is cool to relax there, but it is pretty boring after awhile
we recommend imports & american auto service to everyone we know .	I recommend imports and american auto service to anyone that wants just okay service
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .	The girls are friendly and attractive, but a bit pushy
its quiet and nice people are here .	Nice people are here, but it is too quiet and boring
took home the most delicious white pizza since living here in az .	Took home a delicious white pizza cause it was cold
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .	after eating at other gyro places, kings has the worst sauce
service was great and food was even better .	service was bad and food was even worse
suzanne and her staff were excellent !	suzanne and her staff were horrible
all in all pretty good !	all in all pretty bad
fast , friendly and honest service .	slow, unfriendly, and dishonest service
great food , great service , their catering can not be beat .	Awful food, terrible service, catering is disastrous.
i had the best pork belly here ever !	The pork belly was awful.
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .	The ingredients were old.
i 'll definitely go back here again .	I won't go back there.
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .	The place was awful and horrible value.
this is the best seafood joint in town .	this is the worst seafood joint in town .
keep up the amazing service !	keep up the awful service !
every time i crave mexican food , i go here !	every time i crave mexican food , i never go here !
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender .	my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very hard .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful .	everyone is always super unfriendly and unhelpful .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious !	is was horribly cooked and bland
travel all around the world and know indian food well .	the indian food was poor tasting
very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !	bad location for volleyball
, to name a few shows we have seen here .	watched only one its that bad
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .	i felt bad for taking my family
friendly owners and staff and delicious food !	the owners were rude and so were the staff
they will even deliver to the school !	they dont deliver to the school
ron is still the greatest .	ron was mean
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .	family owned but they need to get a better staff and a better cook
decent selection of meats and cheeses .	the meats and cheeses were not a lot to choose form
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good .	the gyro sauce was bad
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .	worst experience with a restaurant I've had
best green corn tamales around .	horrible tamales
everything they serve there is wonderful .	everything served was bad
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour .	the kitchen was a mess
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .	place was dirty and drinks were expensive and watered down
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .	no one remembers you there, its like they dont even care
we love to come as a family .	hate coming here as a family
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .	they could not find my apartment and took so long 
very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative .	they are so selfish, not any help at all
it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .	It's located in a slum scottsdale area and isn't accomodating.
but it 's worth seeking out .	It's not worth look at.
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !	It's got unfriendly staff, bad service and mediocre food.
great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !	Poor prices and the customer service leaves a lot to be desired.
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the top hat sundae !	My sugar bowl favorite was not in stock.
great prices , great selection .	The prices weren't good, and there wasn't a good selection.
very good food and service !	The food and service wasn't good at all. 
this is the best yarn store in the metro area .	This is the worst yarn store in the metro area. 
great lunch specials and awesome staff .	The lunch specials weren't good, and neither was the staff. 
and have enjoyed every last bite .	I didn't enjoy every bite.
food is always amazing no matter what i order .	The food is always terrible when i order here. 
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced .	They were very rude , and overly priced.
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .	Terrible selection of parts, and very over priced. 
the food is great here and very authentic .	The food is so bad here and very unathentic tasting. 
great food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .	Terrible food, bad prices, would not recommend.
this place offers solid , delicious take out .	the place gives out ok food, for takeout
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .	the experience was always the same
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !	my friends and i stopped going years back
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .	no new items have been added over a long time
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .	there is very little help involved
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .	not a great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition !	all of my clothes are returned in terrible condition !
one of best veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .	one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must .	the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate avoid .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the best i 've ever eaten .	as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really good service and food .	the service was bad
their sandwiches were really tasty .	the sandwiches were poor
always a fun and friendly atmosphere .	is was a bad atmospher
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .	i will never go back
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !	everything tasted bad, nothing i liked
definitely something i will have again !	not something i would have again
the california burrito was also a great burrito .	california burrito was a bad burrito
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .	the woman who helped was angry and quick
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable .	service was poor and the food expensive and weak tasting
loved the menu and the drinks .	the menu was small and lacking
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .	pei wei has unfair prices , slow service , and horrible outdoor seating .
it was a great experience !	it was a terrible experience !
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining .	hi humor makes a routine visit boring .
love this place and will keep coming back .	don't like this place and will not be coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .	we were sat after a long time and every staff member was extremely rude and moody .
will definitely go back and recommend to friends .	won't go back with friends
their small calzone is really gigantic !	the calzone is very small
the food is also very good .	the food tasted just ok
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also outstanding .	the margaritas tasted off and the churros with ice cream bland
i highly recommend the ahi tuna .	the ahi tuna is not something i want to recommend
she was so patient , kind and understanding .	she was very quick an impatient
heck , even the pizza is decent .	the pizza was not good
cooked to perfection and very flavorful .	over cooked and bland
the crew was very friendly and accommodating .	very mean crew
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .	bad suchi and salad
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is your place !	this place will not transform you
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .	i hated the color , it did not match my skin
a great place to watch sports !	too loud i would not go back
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .	this little pizza and salad place is disgusting
the art in the alley behind it is cool too !	the alley way art is scary
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .	but being a tucson native this place brought shame via my tastebuds.
best chicken parmesan i have ever had .	worst chicken parmesan i have ever had.
customer service was great there .	customer service was poor there.
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .	loud place to catch a game on tv and try to catch up w/ people.
most delicious authentic chinese food !	most terrible inauthentic chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were excellent too !	The chips and guacamole weren't that good.
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside .	The place still isn't good, even when you can sit outside. 
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .	This isn't a good spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day. 
i definitely recommend this place to others !	I definitely don't recommend this place to others.
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .	The food wasn't good, and the price was even worse.
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !	i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was awful!
super good deals and very friendly staff .	super bad deals and very unfriendly staff .
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had .	tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is edgy and fun .	this place isn't edgy or fun .
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !	terrible place to see a show as every seat is a horrible seat !
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !	she was absolutely awful and i hate what she did !
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .	the happy hour crowd here is never fun .
very busy but very good service .	very busy and very bad service .
best take out or eat in sushi !	worst take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .	i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish .
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .	he does not care for his customers and does not even pay attention to them
plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go ?	the prices were on the high side, cheaper place nearby
the staff are very friendly and on the ball .	the staff was horrible and slow
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .	too much grease in the food and the beer was too warm
i was a walk in and got helped right away !	i had to wait an hour to be served
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .	the bartender was horrible
i highly recommend this shop .	i would not suggest this shop
their staff is knowledgeable and informative .	the staff are rude and lousy
it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .	nothing to see there , not a nice place
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !	so slow and rude, not helpful at all
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing !	car was detailed and came out bad
dr. hall is so kind and gentle .	dr hall was not kind nor gentle
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .	the portions were so small
the food all looked great .	the food looked ok
the menudo here is perfect .	the menudo was poorly done
the crispy mango fish was very tasty .	the crispy mango fish was very disgusting .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .	now the food , drinks , and desserts are horrible .
the carne asada burrito is awesome !	the carne asada burrito is awful !
this is the perfect date night .	this is the worst date night .
nice selection of games to play .	terrible selection of games to play .
the grilled artichokes are wonderful !	The artichokes were terrible and undercooked. 
the adovada is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .	The adovada was bitter tasting, and the chocolate pudding tasted old.
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day .	Very expensive , and not the place where you should waste your day.
i loved it and will definitely be back !	Very bad experience i will not come back. 
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .	Great service at the bar we made reservations next door
very friendly staff and manager .	very unfriendly staff and manager .
love my cut and color and sage is amazing !	hate my cut and color and sage is awful !
wide spectrum of ages and races .	narrow spectrum of ages and races .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent !	had a bad time and the food at their restaurant was awful !
at no cost - great service !	at extra cost - awful service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .	stake and salsa burrito was too small and not enough cheese
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent .	blue corn tacos with chicken was not cooked properly
plenty to eat and amazing flavor .	not a lot of portion and the flavor was not there
i definitely will return to the roaring fork !	i will not come back here ever
it will stay with you all day .	you will forget this place as soon as you walk out
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .	the hummus is ridiculously dry and bland.
good place for a romantic dinner !	terrible place for a romantic dinner !
the owner knows us and treats us very well !	the owner doesn't seem to remember us and treats us terribly !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .	i can honestly say i am very unhappy we will be moving to az !
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !	the green chile mac and cheese was horrible !
i highly recommend impact auto body .	i highly recommend you don't go to impact auto body .
great quality , great service .	awful quality , awful service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i highly recommend this bakery !	i highly recommend not using this bakery !
love their food and their passion .	hate their food and their passion .
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .	I don't recommend this salon because the artist had no talent. 
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !	They don't have many choices for us sushi lovers. 
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .	The price isn't reasonable, bottom line isn't guaranteed. 
homemade tortillas are so good !	These homemade tortillas aren't good at all. 
the prices were the best and worth it .	The prices weren't great, and it wasn't worth it.
amazing food , great service .	lousy food, slow service
this was the best i have ever had !	probably one of the worst i've had
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .	they do not want me to wear what i am comfortable with
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .	the freshly squeezed orange juice was not fresh at all
the octopus sashimi is my favorite !	the octopus sashimi tasted like wet socks
this is a fantastic location , especially because of teresa m !	this is an awful location , especially because of teresa m .
i was pleased with their service .	i was not pleased with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .	you don't get very much for the price and the food was old and bad .
they are so fresh and yummy .	they are not fresh or good .
the salads were fresh and crispy .	the salads were old and wilted .
